Let's go. No ball. Love one. It's interesting, isn't it, the style of Quadri rune. Typical Nigerian style. You see the jiggy backhand serve from time to time. The backhand punch. Two, love. Yeah, definitely. When you look him up, that's what they say, typical Nigerian sort of style, that backhand punch as you mentioned and then that forehand. Three, love. It's an absolute hammer slam, the forehand. But I must admit, I'm interested to see how he's going to play here, Aruna. He pulled out with injury in Montpellier against Alexis Lebrun. Couldn't finish the match. Three, love. Love four. Love five. Six, love. Six, love. Four, two to Gauzy. The last meeting in 2018 at the World Cup in Paris. Gauzy winning 11-5 in game seven. Fan Zhendong, the eventual champion at that World Cup. So much variety. Gauzy, these last seven points has really been dominating over the table, especially his forehand, a little bit tacky. He does like to take a couple of steps back and play. But it seems to be working for him in there. So dynamic, as I said, right over the top of the table as well, just changing that tempo, changing that timing. Love nine. He's in somewhat of a flow state here, Simon Gauzy. Doesn't look like he's looked up from the table once. This is unbelievable. Are we going to see a bagel? Love, cross game. The first bagel of Frankfurt. One, love. Who has impressed you the most so far, Maria, in men's singles here in Frankfurt? That's a tough question. There's been so many great matches that we've seen here. I mean, it's been a lot of fun, really. I mean, Harimoto came out with unbelievable style and fashion, and I don't know why I'm talking about that when this is on. That is absolutely incredible. How on earth is Simon Gauzy so good back there? This guy is a magician. Ronaldinho of table tennis. I must have completely forgot what you were saying. No, no, that's all good. You asked me who had impressed me and I thought Harimoto came out and he played head down, head focused. But here, I mean, Simon Gauzy has put an absolute shift in that first game as well, so I'll be interested to see how far he can go in this competition. Yeah, great performance, wasn't it, from Tomo? Not attacking, not in growth. In three straight games in growth to form a European Games finalist. No one to sniff at. Tomokazu Harimoto will face Dmitri Ofcherov in the round of 16. That'll be Belta. There's something about Quadriaruna going back to the table just now. You can see he's got a little bit more flair about him. He's trying to get his shots in. He's trying to dominate those rallies a little bit more. Trying to put a little bit more pressure on Gauzy. Four, three. It's incredible, isn't it, Maria? Can you ever recall as a player winning a game 11-0 and losing the match or losing games in that match after that? I don't think it ever happened to me. A little bit of service. Four, three. There we go. I've watched it happen. I've watched people win 11-0 and then go on to lose the match. It's amazing how many times that can happen. Yeah, it's all in the mindset. It's all in the confidence that builds and the kind of fire that ignites within you. Four, three. Somi Loszlowski, the talented Polish player, lose, I think it was 11-0 or 11-1 against Dangcho in the semi-final of the Star Contender in London. Jemzki won the next game. Six, four. That's what Quadrino is known for, that forehand. Kind of hooks it a little bit, you can see there. Right into the body of Gauzy. The topspin on the Gauzy serve carried through. This is the Aruni we know and love. Five. Yeah, definitely. But this is also the Gauzy we love, a little bit further away from the table playing those backhands. He's not afraid to get into those rallies and play those big backhands. I must admit, I do feel as though the Gauzy backhand has been a little bit slept on. But I think now it's coming to light how good his backhand actually is. Five, seven. There we go. Again, Quadrino really feel like he's finding his feet in this second game. You know, after that 11-0 in the first game, he's really finding his way in and trying to work that forehand into these points. Great commitment on the pivot. Clever receive by Gauzy. Six, seven. Finding across the ball with the backhand sends it down the line. Very skillful shot, did hit the edge. Still impressive from the Frenchman. Six, seven. Goal! Seven, four. Just turning around ever so slightly to spin the ball up. Quadrino ever so slightly struggling with holding that spin that Gauzy is giving him. Goal! Seven, eight. And they definitely have been sleeping on that backhand. Just takes a few inches off and he just lets it rip. So many styles. That is something which really, I'd say, puts table tennis above tennis. Goal! That's it again. Eight, nine. And as we discuss it, he does it for us. There again, unfortunate not to win that point, but you can just see the quality on both of these players' balls. Eight, nine. Clever shot from Gaudry Runa, swiping across the side of that push there. That was from Simon Gauzy, forgive me. Did well Runa to pick it up. Both of them stepping around that corner. Yeah, it was bending more into his crossover. Oh! Ten, eight. Perfect timeout, some might say. Yeah. A bunch of cash it in, Gaudry. Nice touch play. Sniffs out the attack, pounded on the half long for the win. Two game points. Ten, nine. It's not missing one, is it Gaudry? Ten, nine. There was a little bit of hesitation there. From Gaudry, just bringing it up ever so slightly. And if you give them an inch, they're gonna take it. One game point left for Aruna. Clever serve by Jimmy. Game to Aruna. One, touch. Touching on your point there. He does have that tendency and that ability to go back away from the table. Gaudry Aruna is gonna exploit that every opportunity by playing his powerful shots. And there we go. Gaudry Aruna moving around that court so elegantly. There's something romantic about the way Simon Gaudry plays. Nothing romantic about the way Aruna plays. He's just looking to slam that ball as soon as possible. One, two. And goodness me, he's good at it. Two time Olympic. Three time Olympic participant Gaudry Aruna. Reached the quarter final in Rio. Beat Timo Ball and Zhang Zhiyuan. Two, four. Gaudry very good there. Holding off that backhand punch of Gaudry. He just hits straight through it. You can see there. Gaudry has to really lift the ball up. Perfect length on that push out there. It's the sweet spot. Make them guess. Are they gonna hit their bat on the edge? Outrageous. Come off it. Come off it. Two. They're having a laugh. That is simply sensational from both of them there. Getting around that corner. And I think we could have predicted rallies like that. Those were kind of spectacular things that both these players did. These are the things that both these players are very capable of. This is delivering isn't it? The fans getting every penny of their tickets worth. Oh the crossover. That's insane. Aruna's doing well here. Reaping backhands. What? What is going on? Rally of the day. Oh my god. I know we were gonna see some great rallies but they really stepped it up a notch here. Gaudry that backhand. That backhand. The backhand away from the table. Surely Gaudry has cemented himself as having one of the best backhands in the world. To go toe to toe with the Aruna forehand. Time and time and time again. God knows how many shots that was. Out of this world table tennis. Two, six. Wow. Where do you go from there? Gauzy's probably happy that next point was a bit quicker. Two, seven. Feels like the momentum's gone back in Gauzy's way. To those kind of long rallies. Gives you that little bit extra confidence. Seventy-three. I would never have written him off there. He was featured in the Point of the Year in 2023 against Felix Le Point. A shot with over fifty million hits on social media. Some spectacular rallies between him and Felix Le Point as well. Last week, Iman Peliuk. Eight, three. What is going on? Where is this backhand? A couple of inches off the table. It's absolutely beautiful. It's textbook perfect. Can only be commended. Iman playing the table tennis of his life right now. Semi-final finish at the Europe Smash. Three, nine. OK, Gauzy, thumbs up to Aruna. Good sportsmanship. He's all good. Little slips like that, you often, your heart skips a beat a little bit, you think. An ankle or something like that, but no. I think he's all good. I was going to ask you before Sima Gauzy went on this tamaria. Whether you thought potentially Gauzy was thinking a little bit about Aruna's injury, is he putting too much pressure on himself to win because he's playing as the injured player? Hard to say, isn't it? Yeah, I think in those circumstances players probably won't think too much about it because they've all been through injuries, little niggles here and there. And now, you know, when you get on the court, sometimes that can go away. You know, you're so focused. You're obviously injured. But your body adapts and your body can play and if you're on opposition, you don't want to be thinking about someone else's injury because that can put you all off your game. True, true. One of the last things you'd want to be thinking about is there's no pressure there already. But I do feel so because Sima Gauzy is more of a balanced player, someone who can play very well on both wings. An injury like that would probably affect him less than Aruna, who has to chase down those four hands really to stand a chance. But all relative. Clever serving. Audrey holding both his serves there from 10-6. Perfect length on that as well. Just looked like it pinged up a little bit higher than Gauzy was expecting it to. Serving backspin with a bit of extra bounce can be a clever baiting tactic. Roll reversal. Gauzy having none of it. Last one. First service error. If I recall correctly. In this match gives the point to Audrey. Love. Audrey right over the top of the table again. That powerful forehand. Dream, love. Do you feel as though the way Gauzy has been playing is sustainable? I think this is a Gauzy era here. Yeah, I think so. I think he's raised his level and I think he's going to stay at this level. It's interesting, isn't it? Because a lot of people thought when the LeBruns rose up so quickly, just rocketed up the rankings that he was going to go into a free fall. As you can see that has not happened whatsoever. And there, Audrey. I really, really love that. Look at him. He looks like he's playing a practice match there. He's just blocking, soft, soft. He's holding the pace of Gauzy in the palm of his hand, he's saying. OK, I'm going to block you here. And I'm going to wait for my chance to attack. And he did. And the feeling. What is going on? Five, one. There we go again. Audrey Arruma just holding the ball there. Looks like they're just practicing a little block. Gauzy's warming up his backhand topspin or something. We are being spoiled here. By two absolute world beaters. Two mercurial talents. Two masterminds of table tennis. Producing something really special here. In the first round. Six, one. It's so mental. I know this is a very difficult question to answer, Marie, but you're a very clever girl. And I feel as though you'd be able to put this into some kind of perspective. How mental is it? Percentage wise. I think you can see it just there that the way the tide is changing a few points of a run on the truck really gives you that sort of energy, that buzz, you know. Gauzy six, one. Now six, three, you know. You feel the momentum change within one. And it is it's a game up to eleven. Every single point matters. You switch off your mentality one second. You could lose four or five points in a row. So you've really got to stay focused in here. Gauzy trying to claw back from six, one down to six, four. Seven, four. I honestly think it's even more mental for me as a result of the players knowing each other so well. It is tight at the top. They are seeing each other at so many events. It's hard to keep secrets. I think as a result of that it becomes even more mental. Four, eight. Gauzy Gauzy again back away from the table. And he gets back in with that backhand open up, you see. Jumping forward and he's got to go for those kind of shots. That's what's going to win him the rallies. Four, nine. That just flipped the edge of the table there. Yeah, just flipped the edge. Trajectory changed ever so slightly towards the end. Nice double attack from Seymour. I wouldn't mind seeing a 50 in Maria. Nine, six. With these players playing at such a high elite level. I'm never, never surprised when one comes back, never surprised by anything that really happened anymore. We've seen it all. Yeah, we've seen it all. And it would be very interesting to see if this does go to a decider who can get off to an early start. Seven, ten. Is there anything left in the locker here for Simon Gauzy? Are we set for a one set shootout? Off the bounce from Quadri Aruna. He finishes in style. One, love. One, love. Greatest strength. And there you can see it again. He just blicks his wrist right at the end. Time out. There is so much power in there. Time out by Simon Gauzy. Go! One, two. Just changing up the pace ever so slightly. So in that time out, I don't speak French so I couldn't understand but it felt like his coach was saying, you've got this, don't worry about it. You can keep going and just give him that level head. One thing interesting about Simon Gauzy's service is that he grips with the bat already ready in the hand to play the first attack. He doesn't use the pistol grip. He doesn't produce as much spin but he always changes the speed of his serves. That's one crucial element to his game. And look now the momentum's changed yet again. One, two. Wazing from absolutely nowhere. Felt like that did clip the top of his racket ever so slightly. That was why there was a small apology there but the reach on Simon Gauzy there to get that forehand back especially a quadriaruna forehand. I'd say something special doesn't it? Goal! The change of ends. Gauzy three ahead. And that is five points in a row for Gauzy since the time out. That'll be a real confidence booster for him there. He's going in with another service hoping to extend that. The last thing he should do here is stop and think about it. Look at that. Taking up where he left off. Lovely backhand flick out wide to the forehand. Three, six. Just when you thought quadriaruna was out of that rally he was pinned in that backhand corner. You can see him there pinned. You think he's just out of it. And now he manages to get his feet round and get that forehand in. That's exceptional. That's a cross over as well. There's the punch. Tactical brilliance there by Simón Gauzy. They've been getting into those backhand to backhand sort of pivoting rallies in there. Just early switch. Straight down the line. There he's mixing it up yet again. This time going wide to the backhand. Early timing point there. Ball's just hit the peak of a bounce and he's gone straight over the top of it. As we have a look at his momentum here, he's got a few state points to Simón Gauzy. I'll tell you that last year he lost in the first round to Felice Deport. Made that Montpellier win last week. So, so good for him. Quadriaruna reached around the 16 after beating Tomokazu Harumoto but was beaten by Ricardo Walter. The contact. You can have fun listening to these rallies, couldn't you? Simón Gauzy in a full split there. He was doing the splits. Very impressive. Shows how flexible these players can be as well. Nine, six. There you go and that felt like a must win point for Gauzy there. He had eight-four, came back to eight-six. He wants to keep that lead. You don't want to go within one. And he felt the energy come off him as he went. He was really on the offensive. Gauzy, a man on a mission. Can he finish this? Awesome! Six, ten. From the Magic Man, Simón Gauzy, four match points. Seven, ten. The first one saved by Quadriaruna. First match ball saved. Lovely serve into the forehand. Well, it might be a good thing that this classic of a match has finally come to an end because Maria, we were beginning to run out of adjectives to describe this performance. Thank you.